Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/tools/cat-index-tool.md

## Step 1: Register a flow agent that will run the CatIndexTool

A flow agent runs a sequence of tools in order and returns the last tool's output. To create a flow agent, send the following register agent request:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/agents/_register
{
  "name": "Test_Agent_For_CatIndex_tool",
  "type": "flow",
  "description": "this is a test agent for the CatIndexTool",
  "tools": [
    {
      "type": "CatIndexTool",
      "name": "DemoCatIndexTool",
      "parameters": {
        "input": "${parameters.question}"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %} 

OpenSearch responds with an agent ID:

```json
{
  "agent_id": "9X7xWI0Bpc3sThaJdY9i"
}
```

## Step 2: Run the agent

Before you run the agent, make sure that you add the sample OpenSearch Dashboards `Sample eCommerce orders` dataset. To learn more, see [Adding sample data]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/quickstart#adding-sample-data).

Then, run the agent by sending the following request:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/agents/9X7xWI0Bpc3sThaJdY9i/_execute
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "How many indices do I have?"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %} 

> OpenSearch returns the result of the CAT Indices API call:

Author: This is the API name so we use the actual name.

green    open    .plugins-ml-connector    q45iJfVjQ5KgxeNC65DLSw    1    1    11    0    313.1kb    156.5kb
green    open    .kibana_1    vRjXK4bHSUueB_4iXiQ8yw    1    1    257    0    264kb    132kb
green    open    .plugins-ml-config    G7gxGQB7TZeQzBasHd5PUg    1    1    1    0    7.8kb    3.9kb
green    open    .plugins-ml-controller    NQTZPREZRhWoDdjCglRLFg    1    1    0    0    50.1kb    49.9kb
green    open    opensearch_dashboards_sample_data_logs    9gpOTB3rRgqBLvqis_k5LQ    1    1    14074    0    18mb    9mb
green    open    .plugins-flow-framework-config    JlKPsCh6SEq-Jh6rPL_x9Q    1    1    1    0    7.8kb    3.9kb
green    open    opensearch_dashboards_sample_data_flights    pJde0irnTce4-uobHwYmMQ    1    1    13059    0    11.9mb    5.9mb
green    open    my_test_data    T4hwNs7CTJGIfw2QpCqQ_Q    1    1    6    0    91.7kb    45.8kb
green    open    .opendistro-job-scheduler-lock    XjgmXAVKQ4e8Y-ac54VBzg    1    1    3    3    36.2kb    21.3kb
"""
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Parameters

The following table lists all available parameters. 

Parameter | Type | Required/Optional | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `input` | String | Required | The user input based on which to return index information.

Author: ```suggestion
`input` | String | Required | The user input used to return index information.
```

`index` | String | Optional | A comma-delimited list of one or more indexes on which to run the CAT operation. Default is an empty list, which means all indexes.

> `local` | Boolean | Optional | Whether to return information from the local node only instead of the cluster manager node (default is `false`).

Reviewer: This table doesn't render properly in the markdown.  I think there should be a fourth `| :---` on line 120?

Author: Yes, thanks! Updated.

> `local` | Boolean | Optional | Whether to return information from the local node only instead of the cluster manager node (default is `false`).

Author: Reworded.
